During the third quarter of 2024, we made progress advancing R2 development, driving greater efficiency in operating expenses, launching new R1 variants, investing in our go-to-market infrastructure, and introducing new services to further improve the customer experience. We continue to see cost progress from our second generation R1 vehicles which we expect to be represented in the fourth quarter when we anticipate achieving modest positive gross profit. Rivian produced 13,157 vehicles and delivered 10,018 vehicles during the third quarter of 2024. As previously disclosed, Rivian is experiencing a production disruption due to a shortage of a shared component within our Enduro motor system on the R1 and RCV platforms. Our team has a strong sense of urgency in finding a solution as we work in close partnership with the supplier to ramp additional capacity to accommodate planned production. Over the long-term we believe Rivian\'92s value will be determined by the scale it can reach with its midsize platform including the R2, R3, and R3X, as well as our ability to continue to reduce costs and develop differentiated technologies. Our midsize platform is expected to address global market segments and is designed to build upon our industry-leading technology platform as well as our focus on reducing manufacturing complexity and cost efficiency. Our team is laser-focused on executing the development plan for R2. The recent transition to our second generation R1 vehicles has implemented multiple new technologies which will serve as the foundation for our midsize platform such as our zonal network architecture and Rivian Autonomous Platform, positioning R2 for a simplified launch. We believe the formation of the expected joint venture with Volkswagen Group will be a landmark development for the industry. The joint venture will benefit from Rivian's differentiated and wellproven zonal network architecture and full-stack software technologies as well as enhanced software and electrical architecture innovation. The upcoming partnership with Volkswagen Group validates Rivian\'92s technology leadership and creates new growth opportunities for Rivian to be a technology partner to other manufacturers. The joint venture is expected to provide a meaningful financial opportunity for Rivian with a total deal size of approximately $5 billion, in addition to the annual operating expense savings Rivian expects to realize. The planned investments by Volkswagen Group in addition to our current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments are expected to provide the capital to fund Rivian\'92s operations through the ramp of R2 in Normal, as well as the midsize platform in Georgia \'96 enabling a path to positive free cash flow and meaningful scale. We believe the introduction of our second generation R1, along with the formation of the joint venture, will enhance execution against our core value drivers: Focus on demand generation and enhancing the customer experience: Demand for R1 vehicles was negatively impacted in the third quarter of 2024 by the production disruption and a challenging consumer backdrop. We remain focused on maximizing the levers within our control and strategically investing in our go-to-market strategy. We continue to make progress expanding our commercial footprint and enabling the opportunity for more potential customers to experience Rivian vehicles. In the third quarter of 2024, we increased our total demo drives by approximately 20% as compared to the second quarter of 2024. Optimize operational efficiency: We continue to focus on maximizing spend efficiency across all aspects of the organization. As compared to the second quarter of 2024, third quarter of 2024 GAAP operating expenses were down $147 million, marking our lowest quarter in the last three years. Excluding stock-based compensation and depreciation and amortization, our adjusted operating expenses1 for the quarter were down $77 million as compared to the prior quarter. Technology leadership: We believe technology is a competitive differentiator for Rivian. Our midsize platform is designed to build upon our industry-leading technology platform. We expect the midsize platform to benefit from the key vertically integrated technologies developed for R1 including our in-house software stack, propulsion technology, network architecture, and vehicle electronics. Drive towards profitability: We are seeing meaningful progress on our second generation R1 material costs due to the new technologies incorporated into the vehicle and manufacturing process. The introduction of the second generation R1 platform combined with commercial cost improvements and commodity tail winds are expected to enable a 20% material cost reduction when comparing an R1 Dual-Motor with Large Pack produced in the first quarter of 2024 versus the same vehicle produced in fourth quarter of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, we have already seen reductions in our material cost in line with our target. In addition, we have made meaningful progress in sourcing components for R2. We are approximately 85% through the sourcing of R2 bill of materials and are currently in line with our cost targets. We anticipate the material cost of an R2 AWD Large vehicle to be 45% lower than a second generation R1 Dual Large vehicle. We want to thank our employees, customers, suppliers, partners, communities, and shareholders for their continued support of our vision.}